adding in a slug on "deleting" == merging for grid layouts (#3631)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/fancyzones.md

The **Grid** model starts with a three column grid and allows zones to be created by splitting and merging zones, resizing the gutter between zones as desired. This is a relative layout and will resize with different screen sizes.

- To divide a zone, just click your mouse.  To rotate the divider, just hold down the <kbd>shift</kbd> key. 
- To move a divider, click on the thumb and drag.

> - To merge zones, select and hold the left mouse button and drag the mouse until multiple zones are selected, then release the button and a popup menu will show up.  Click "Merge" and they will become one big zone. This is how you'd a zone would be deleted, it is merge it into another zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To merge zones, select and hold the left mouse button and drag the mouse until multiple zones are selected, then release the button and a popup menu will show up.  Click "Merge" and they will become one big zone. This is how a zone would be deleted, by merging it into another zone.
```
